The mission of the project is to create an NFT collection, sell it, and donate the money to Ukrainians in need who are suffering from russian aggression. I am responsible for the technical part of the project and my younger sister, who is only 12 years old, is responsible for painting part of it. We are working together to make this project happen as it is something personal to us. However, we do not have strong distribution channels that we could use to promote the project. Therefore, I am asking you if it would be possible for you to help us market this project so it can be successful, and we can help Ukrainians and ease their pain.



The Theme of the Project



The theme of the project is a Ukrainian Cossack. Cossacks are Ukrainian warriors who appeared in central Ukraine around the 15th century when the west of Ukraine was occupied by Poland, the south was terrorized by Tatars and Turks, and the east by russian Empire. Cossacks were Ukrainian men who escaped from slavery and lived in the wild. Later they have built fortresses from where they would organize campaigns to help and free Ukrainians who were oppressed. They were courageous and patriotic warriors. In Ukrainian culture, Cossacks are a symbol of the freedom of Ukraine, that has thrived for it for centuries regardless of assimilation attempts and genocides that were organized by our neighbors to the east. Cossacks have had an incredible impact on Ukrainian history and its path to freedom. The heritage that they have left is remembered and valued to this day. Cossacks are symbolic and crucial to Ukrainian identity. To this day Ukrainian soldiers are compared to Cossacks and they embody some of their traditions and looks. The will to die for freedom has inspired me to create an NFT collection representing Cossack’s culture, clothes, accessories, looks, as well as adding some elements of the relevant modernity in order to raise money and contribute to the cause, finish what Cossacks have started centuries ago.



Details of the Project



We are creating a collection of 10,000 pieces (it is a standard size), each NFT will be a unique artwork of a Cossack made up of different elements and attributes. I will be creating a webpage where a customer will be able to mint(purchase) and NFT. The process of minting implies a real-time creation of an NFT, it triggers the program to compile an image from possible images in each given layer based on their rarity, create metadata and transfer NFT to the customer’s blockchain address. The real-time creation provides the customer with a chance to try their luck, the rarer images that were chosen to compile an artwork the higher chances are that the market value of this specific NFT will increase with time since the collection has its scarcity.



Timeline of the Project



There is no certain deadline for the project since there are a lot of uncertainties in our lives as well as I still have my university responsibilities, on top of that I will be doing an intense data science course outside of my university starting next Monday. However, at this point, we have already conducted research and started working on this project. I have already coded a program that compiles images together and creates metadata for them, leaving me with coding smart contracts and creating a webpage to display our final product, which I believe will not take me too long. Regarding the painting part, we have almost finalized the sample of what our Cossack will look like, and starting next week my sister will proceed with creating different attributes and looks of our Cossack. I am hopeful that we will be finishing up the project at the beginning of May, unfortunately, though, I cannot guarantee you that. However, if it is something you would be interested in, I am certain that I will be able to provide you with visual material for the project by early April.  
